_tabs/story.md, before:

---
layout: default
icon: fas fa-book
order: 3
title: My Story
carousels:
  - images:
    - image: /assets/img/story/xremington04.jpg
      caption: (2012) I start my own YouTube channel (called Xremington04 at the time)
    - image: /assets/img/story/ohgeegames.jpg
      caption: (2014) I sell my first animation to a paying customer (he still uses it too!)
    - image: /assets/img/story/cg-cookie.jpg
      caption: (2017) My first job making YouTube videos and online/in-person courses with CG Cookie
    - image: /assets/img/story/eagle-ceremony.jpg
      caption: (2018) I achieve the rank of Eagle Scout from Elburn Troop 7
    - image: /assets/img/story/dwight-jensen.jpg
      caption: (2019) I meet NVIDIA's Dwight Deircks and Jensen Huang at MSOE
    - image: /assets/img/story/skypad.jpg
      caption: (2021) I join Skypad to build optionally manned eVTOL aircraft and virtual cockpit software
    - image: /assets/img/story/senior-design.jpg
      caption: (2022) My senior design team and our "NVIDIA GPU Firmware Debug" project
    - image: /assets/img/story/msoe-graduation.jpg
      caption: (2022) I graduate from MSOE with a BS Computer Engineering and high honors
    - image: /assets/img/story/nvidia.jpg
      caption: (2022) I start full-time at NVIDIA, working on the GPU Firmware team
---

{% include carousel.html height="50" unit="%" duration="10" number="1" %}

# My Story

Hi, I'm Grant! I'm a System Software Engineer at NVIDIA with an affinity for entrepreneurship and working in startups. I specialize in firmware engineering, embedded hardware, computer graphics, and bringing brilliant ideas to life.

The only way to predict the future is to build it yourself. This is a mantra I picked up when I first started my entrepreneurial journey at age 16. While most of my peers were busy wrangling part-time jobs, I chose to create something of my own, Remington Creative, a YouTube channel dedicated to teaching and exploring computer graphics.

I spent 4 years growing Remington Creative into a thriving online community with more than 80,000 members and a net viewership of over 400,000 hours (45+ years). As demand for my educational resources increased, I began to produce software tools that amassed hundreds of daily users. Ultimately, this lead me into a university education at the Milwaukee School of Engineering where I honed my technical and leadership skills.

Today, I'm a partial owner and technical leader of a startup that is revolutionizing aerial vehicle software, building novel eVTOL vehicles, and making the freedom of mobility accessible to everyone.

Commit message:

Add more slides to story

_tabs/story.md, after:

---
layout: default
icon: fas fa-book
order: 3
title: My Story
carousels:
  - images:
    - image: /assets/img/story/xremington04.jpg
      caption: (2012) I start my own YouTube channel (called Xremington04 at the time)
    - image: /assets/img/story/ohgeegames.jpg
      caption: (2014) I sell my first animation to a paying customer (he still uses it too!)
    - image: /assets/img/story/kaneland-krier.jpg
      caption: (2017) My CGI antics are published in my school paper "The Kaneland Krier"
    - image: /assets/img/story/cg-cookie.jpg
      caption: (2017) My first job making YouTube videos and online/in-person courses with CG Cookie
    - image: /assets/img/story/eagle-ceremony.jpg
      caption: (2018) I achieve the rank of Eagle Scout from Elburn Troop 7
    - image: /assets/img/story/bcon-2019.jpg
      caption: (2019) My first software product, D-NOISE, is featured at the 2019 Blender Conference
    - image: /assets/img/story/dwight-jensen.jpg
      caption: (2019) I meet NVIDIA's Dwight Deircks and Jensen Huang at MSOE
    - image: /assets/img/story/skypad.jpg
      caption: (2021) I join Skypad to invent optionally manned eVTOL aircraft and virtual cockpit software
    - image: /assets/img/story/senior-design.jpg
      caption: (2022) My senior design team and our "NVIDIA GPU Firmware Debug" project
    - image: /assets/img/story/msoe-graduation.jpg
      caption: (2022) I graduate from MSOE with a BS Computer Engineering and high honors
    - image: /assets/img/story/nvidia.jpg
      caption: (2022) I start full-time at NVIDIA, working on the GPU Firmware team
---

{% include carousel.html height="50" unit="%" duration="10" number="1" %}

# My Story

Hi, I'm Grant! I'm a System Software Engineer at NVIDIA with an affinity for entrepreneurship and working in startups. I specialize in firmware engineering, embedded hardware, computer graphics, and bringing brilliant ideas to life.

The only way to predict the future is to build it yourself. This is a mantra I picked up when I first started my entrepreneurial journey at age 16. While most of my peers were busy wrangling part-time jobs, I chose to create something of my own, Remington Creative, a YouTube channel dedicated to teaching and exploring computer graphics.

I spent 4 years growing Remington Creative into a thriving online community with more than 80,000 members and a net viewership of over 400,000 hours (45+ years). As demand for my educational resources increased, I began to produce software tools that amassed hundreds of daily users. Ultimately, this lead me into a university education at the Milwaukee School of Engineering where I honed my technical and leadership skills.

Today, I'm a partial owner and technical leader of a startup that is revolutionizing aerial vehicle software, building novel eVTOL vehicles, and making the freedom of mobility accessible to everyone.

# Honors

#### BSA Eagle Scout (2018)
I was awarded the rank of Eagle Scout by Elburn Troop 7 for the completion of all Eagle Scout rank requirements, including the fundraising and construction of a $20,000 pole vault runway at my middle school.

#### D-NOISE Featured at the Blender Conference (2019)
My first software product, D-NOISE, was featured in Gleb Alexadrov's <a href="https://youtu.be/4w8_SBxCOxo?si=YxqXEzOE1L0qYHQo&t=1128" target="_blank">"3D Nebulae and the Power of the Blender Community"</a> presentation at the 2019 Blender Conference.

#### BS Computer Engineering with High Honors (2022)
I graduated from the Milwaukee School of Engineering in 2022 with a BS Computer Engineering and high honors for my academic performance.
